Content Trust more-info (#17061)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/more-info/unsupported/content_trust.markdown

---
title: "Ignored content trust"
description: "More information on why disabling content-trust marks the installation as unsupported."
---

## The issue

You have disable the content trust check. That means we can't veryify anymore if the content is trusted and was not modify by attackers.

> We strongly recomment to have this enabled.

Reviewer: `recomment` or `recommend`? 🤔

> ## The issue
> 
> You have disable the content trust check. That means we can't veryify anymore if the content is trusted and was not modify by attackers.
> We strongly recomment to have this enabled.
> 
> For Content-Trust, we use the OpenSource solution [CodeNotary](https://codenotary.io).
> 
> ## The solution
> 
> To solve this you need to re-enable the protection mechanism by content-trust by using the CLI:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## The issue

You have disabled the content-trust check. That means Home Assistant can't verify anymore if the content is trusted and was not modified by attackers.
We strongly recommend to have this check enabled.

For content-trust, we use the open source solution [CodeNotary](https://codenotary.io).

## The solution

To resolve this status, you need to re-enable the content-trust protection mechanism by using the CLI:
```

```bash
ha supervisor options --content-trust
```

> When you have the content-trust, restart the Supervisor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you have enabled the content-trust, restart the Supervisor.
```

> ---
> title: "Ignored content trust"
> description: "More information on why disabling content-trust marks the installation as unsupported."
> ---
> 
> ## The issue
> 
> You have disable the content trust check. That means we can't veryify anymore if the content is trusted and was not modify by attackers.
> We strongly recomment to have this enabled.
> 
> For Content-Trust, we use the OpenSource solution [CodeNotary](https://codenotary.io).
> 
> ## The solution
> 
> To solve this you need to re-enable the protection mechanism by content-trust by using the CLI:
> 
> ```bash
> ha supervisor options --content-trust
> ```
> 
> When you have the content-trust, restart the Supervisor.
> 
> ```bash
> ha supervisor restart
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
---
title: "Ignored content trust"
description: "More information on why disabling content-trust marks the installation as unsupported."
---

## The issue

You have disabled the content-trust check. That means Home Assistant can't verify anymore if the content is trusted and was not modified by attackers.
We strongly recommend to have this check enabled.

For content-trust, we use the open source solution [CodeNotary](https://codenotary.io).

## The solution

To resolve this status, you need to re-enable the protection mechanism of content-trust by using the CLI:

```bash
ha supervisor options --content-trust
```

When you have enabled the content-trust, restart the Supervisor.

```bash
ha supervisor restart
```
```

Author: look like the suggestion is corrupt?

Reviewer 2: I will delete and re-add
